chore: document @ama-mfe (#2931)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: packages/@ama-mfe/ng-utils/src/theme/README.md

# Theme Message Service

## Introduction

> The theme service provides a way for a host application to share its css theme with its embedded application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The theme service provides a way for a host application to share its CSS theme with its embedded application.
```

> The theme service provides a way for a host application to share its CSS theme with its embedded application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The theme service allows a host application to share its CSS theme with an embedded application.
```

## How to use
### Consumer - apply a theme
For this use case, the embedded application is the consumer. It will react to the theme message and apply the CSS theme 
on top of its current design.

> This behavior is the default of the `ThemeConsumerService`. You only need to call the `start` method to use it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the default behavior of the `ThemeConsumerService`. You only need to call the `start` method to use it
```

as described in the [package consumer documentation](../../README.md#consumers).

> If you have specific css to apply, as for today, you can only rely on the theme parameter set by the host in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have specific CSS to apply, as for today, you can only rely on the theme parameter set by the host in the
```

`apply-theme` pipe.

In future versions, the `ThemeConsumerService` will be able to handle the load of the consumer's specific styling.

### Producer - communicate a theme
For this use case, the host is in charge of informing its embedded app which theme the user may have selected (based on 
user preferences for example). That makes it the producer of the theme message.

> Themes are characterized by a name and a potential css file with a list of common CSS rules and variables that will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Themes are characterized by a name and a potential CSS file with a list of common CSS rules and variables that will be
```

applied to all their embedded applications. 

> Note that this common css should not have dedicated rules for the applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this common CSS should not have dedicated rules for the applications.
```

> Consider it as a parent theme which should have no knowledge on how the application underneath are coded except the common

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider it as a parent theme which should have no knowledge on how the applications underneath it are coded, except the common
```
